Improve REAMDE documentation (#35)
rl-institut/WAM_APP_FRED: README.md

# WAM_APP_FRED

The WAM_APP_FRED is developed as an open-source web-application to visualize data that was collected or created 
within the project open_FRED. All data sources which are used within this web-application are open-source. The goal is 
to create an easily accessible and platform-independent web-application that can be used via the 
internet (using a web-browser). The main functionality the web-application provides is to visualize data on a map 

> or additionally as graph. The app provide options for the user to interact with the visualized data. The web-application 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or additionally as graph. The app provides options for the user to interact with the visualized data. The web-application 
```

also provides functionality to get the data in a non proprietary format (like .csv).
The source data is divided into 3 main categories :
: Weather-Data, powerplant asset register and feedin-time-series. Each of these 

> topics basically have there own source data. The data is provided within the open-energy-platform. Further explanation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
topics basically has its own source data. The data is provided within the open-energy-platform. Further explanation 
```

# WAM_APP_FRED

> The WAM_APP_FRED is developed as an open-source web-application which visualize data that was collected or created 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The WAM_APP_FRED is developed as an open-source web-application to visualize data that was collected or created 
```

within the project open_FRED. All data sources which are used within this web-application are open-source. The goal is 

> to create an easy assessable and platform-independent web-application that can be used via the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to create an easily accessible and platform-independent web-application that can be used via the 
```

internet (using a web-browser). The main functionality the web-application provides is to visualize data on a map 
or additionally as graph. The app provide options for the user to interact with the visualized data. The web-application 

> also provides functionality to get the data in a non proprietary format (like .csv). By that an user is able to explore 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
also provides functionality to get the data in a non proprietary format (like .csv).
```

> the data in order to get a better understanding about the data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> To make the purpose of what is visualized on the map or as graph more oblivious the source data is divided into 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The source data is divided into 3 main categories :
```

> three main topics. These three topics are: Weather-Data, powerplant asset register and feedin-time-series. Each of these 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: Weather-Data, powerplant asset register and feedin-time-series. Each of these 
```

topics basically have there own source data. The data is provided within the open-energy-platform. Further explanation 
is given in the section source data. 

> To achieve these requirements we use proven open-source technologies. We use django as Web-Framework. The base structure 

Reviewer 2: what does "proven open-source" mean?

Author: I mean  "proven and open-source"

### Explore wind turbines informations and timeseries
 
TDB

### Explore feedin time series data

The feedin time series data needs to be uploaded to the OEDB. Once this is finished it will be possible to present 
the data as graph within the WAM_APP_FRED. 

### Get data as .CSV file

The displayed data can be downloaded as csf file. Therefore click on the button located in the control-panel
on the left. For example, the CSV contains all the data for a single weather point selected on the map. 

## Source database

### Introducing the Open-Energy-Database

The database which is used as main data-source for all of the topics is the open-energy-database (OEDB). 

> The OEDB is a postgreSQL database that was developed within the [open_eGo project](https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/open_ego-open-electricity-grid-optimization/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OEDB is a PostgreSQL database that was developed within the [open_eGo project](https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/open_ego-open-electricity-grid-optimization/). 
```

### Introducing the Open-Energy-Platform

The OEDB is managed within the openenergy-platform (OEP). The OEP is the presentation layer for the OEDB. The OEP 

> provides the Open-Energy Dialect (OED) which is a RestFULL API. Using the OED one can query the OEDB. The OEP provides 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides the Open-Energy Dialect (OED) which is a RESTful API. Using the OED one can query the OEDB. The OEP provides 
```

the open-energy-dialect (OED) which is the main RestFull-API to query the OEDB. The data should be provided as JSON or 
GEOJSON. 

 - OED on [GitHub](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/oedialect). 

> In order to use the OED, one have to provide user credential. The credentials are represented by USER-NAME 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the OED, one has to provide user credential. The credentials are represented by USER-NAME 
```

### Explore wind turbines informations and timeseries
 
TDB

### Explore feedin time series data

The feedin time series data needs to be uploaded to the OEDB. Once this is finished it will be possible to present 
the data as graph within the WAM_APP_FRED. 

### Get data as .CSV file

> The displayed data can be downloaded as csf file. Therefore click on the button located in the control-panel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The displayed data can be downloaded as csv file.
```

> on the left. For example, the CSV contains all the data for a single weather point selected on the map. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The file contains all the weather data for a single point selected on the map. 
```

## Source database

### Introducing the Open-Energy-Database

The database which is used as main data-source for all of the topics is the open-energy-database (OEDB). 

> The OEDB is a postgreSQL database that was developed within the open_eGo project. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OEDB is a postgreSQL database that was developed within the [open_eGo project](https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/open_ego-open-electricity-grid-optimization/). 
```

### Introducing the Open-Energy-Platform

The OEDB is managed within the openenergy-platform (OEP). The OEP is the presentation layer for the OEDB. The OEP 
provides the Open-Energy Dialect (OED) which is a RestFULL API. Using the OED one can query the OEDB. The OEP provides 

> the open-energy-dialect (OED) which is the main RestFull-API to query the OEDB. The data should be provided as JSON or 

Reviewer 2: should or must?

Author: i think "must be provided as a non-proprietary format like json" is better

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the open-energy-dialect (OED) which is the main RESTful API to query the OEDB. The data should be provided as JSON or 
```

GEOJSON. 

 - OED on [GitHub](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/oedialect). 

> In order to use the  OED one have to provide user credential. The credentials are represented by USER-NAME 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to use the OED, one have to provide user credential. The credentials are represented by USER-NAME 
```

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by `represented by`?

and TOKEN. One can get these credentials by signing-up to the OEP. 

- OEP can be found [here](https://openenergy-platform.org/)

### Access data from OEP

TBD

## Source data 

> The following will give an overview over the data-sources used within the WAM_APP_FRED and provides where to find 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an overview of the data sources used within the WAM_APP_FRED and provides where to find 
```

> and how to access them. The WAM_APP_FRED defines three main topics . Each of these topics has its own source data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and how to access them.
```
